Xiaoqing is me
I'm back!
Where have you been?
Do you know how hard it was for me to find those?
I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.
Is he really kind?
I am your father your father
Sorry.
Don't cry, I'll protect you later.
You are the only poor boy who stinks to work part-time
You cheated my daughter
You still have the face to come back
Humph
Just like you
Who can you protect?
brat
You almost made me a man
This family is waiting for me
I want you to die
And that woman named Jiang Xue?
I can't get away from any of them.
What happened to Xiaoyu?
So?
This man named Yun Weize is powerful
I don't know.
But Zhou Xiaoxiao said he is rich
I don't care who he is.
Dare to touch my son, I peeled his skin